Gwenevere Abriel: Victoria Reed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: WE BETTER CHECK AUDIO I can't hear you yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh no, I got it, I got it. I gotta go wasn't hearing it first.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, you have a smile on is that is the despair and grief lifting just a tiny bit.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It good man.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a tough couple of weeks, wasn't it, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are you doing now like tell me kind of a what a typical week is like for you. What do you, what are you up to
Victoria reed: I'm just going to seem land. Okay, and
Victoria reed: Just finding whatever I can to clean out and get rid of. And, you know, spring cleaning
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to do it.
Okay.
Victoria reed: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What about hobbies. What about we weren't really going to focus in on some jewelry and box and what you've been doing
Victoria reed: I'm for the jewelry. I have to get the special tools that because the one that I had, you know, it gave out
Victoria reed: Oh, oh, I'm gonna get this walk in and start
Gwenevere Abriel: Any thoughts of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of using any of those popping into your head during the day or evening.
Victoria reed: No. Not lately. No.
That's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain, then
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: For the most part, it's been, you know, I can handle it.
Victoria reed: This once in a while it gets to be like
Victoria reed: Out of control and but
Victoria reed: It seems to be something that can handle.
Victoria reed: And get rid of
Victoria reed: I tried them, you know, just different things. I have the line of Cain patches and stuff so
Victoria reed: That seems to do the trick.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Victoria reed: drink a lot of water, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a smart really smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: So after you and I met and you did. You did quite, quite a bit of the the end our work with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice after that.
Victoria reed: And let me calm.
Victoria reed: And relaxed. Yeah, calm, relaxed. It's the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
But yeah
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: I wasn't
Victoria reed: Yeah, it helped me. Okay.
Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Victoria, it will have the opposite effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of what you and I did is
Gwenevere Abriel: We brought in. We weaved in the team, right. So it seems like an effective intervention for loosening up some of that negative network, but sometimes. So I'm just, this is like a warning. A little heads up so that you're not surprised if it happens.
Victoria reed: It makes it
Victoria reed: worth repeating comes. Yeah. Oh my God, yes, yes.
Victoria reed: Oh yes, I know what you mean. Yeah, it did.
Gwenevere Abriel: It did. Okay, so tell me
Victoria reed: A little bit yeah and
Victoria reed: Um, I was just like, really agitated.
Victoria reed: Yeah, and
Victoria reed: It made me like
Victoria reed: Seem like I was just real depressed and I don't know why, but
Victoria reed: Seemed to just like thin out and then after a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: The depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you talking about that same day four days after
Victoria reed: That probably the same day like towards the end of, you know, at nighttime.
Victoria reed: Yeah, okay.
Victoria reed: And then the next day and
Victoria reed: I was still feeling the same way.
Victoria reed: And then after that it lessened up and went, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little bit of a little bit more around
Now, yeah.
Victoria reed: Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're all set up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're so so good. I love it. I love it. So we want we want Delhi, Delhi at all, then we'll get right to it. Let's, let's do some exploration around
Gwenevere Abriel: For a lot of people, they'll, they'll say depression.
Victoria reed: Yeah, sadness that i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. That's it. The feeling was sadness.
Victoria reed: And yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: It it
Gwenevere Abriel: Got the emotion labeled
Victoria reed: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of go back, if you can, to that time period. Or maybe it's happening even today and see what the predominant laws were are like, what are some of the thoughts that you have
Victoria reed: Can you repeat that over again. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really. Oh, it was a very open ended question. So it leaves left a lot of room for you to interpret which so that makes sense. You'd ask again. So what I'm asking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: You've labeled
Gwenevere Abriel: The day after the day of sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: As an emotional awareness that I was always feeling sad. Do you know what you were thinking
Victoria reed: Oh,
Victoria reed: No, I just
Victoria reed: It was just sadness. I couldn't really. I didn't know where it was coming from. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sadness. Not sure where it's coming from.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said earlier, you didn't have any increased cravings, or these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: But asking the same question were their cravings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the sadness was there.
Victoria reed: Yes, a little not too much not
Victoria reed: What I usually would get, you know, when I first started out, and everything just like
Victoria reed: This little thought came to
Gwenevere Abriel: Me here. The thought yeah
Victoria reed: I'm or are you dealing with this on. You can go find something and just yeah get back to it and then it went away. Quick is that it came
Gwenevere Abriel: My guess is you actually did something to counter that that voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you did.
Victoria reed: The sadness. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, in order to count in order to counter the voice of addiction, which is why you dealing with this, you can go find something and get back to it. That's the voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, addiction. My guess is you actually you the authentic self fought back for health for recovery.
Victoria reed: Your healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: For healing for love for all those sort of intrinsic beautiful things about you. And my guess is you had a conversation back
Gwenevere Abriel: To that voice of addiction wondering what you countered it with
Victoria reed: I'm probably one I was alone.
Victoria reed: You know, for a couple nights, because my cousin, she gets back late
Victoria reed: Is like I was having
Victoria reed: Feeling alone. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you notice you're feeling alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pull it apart as an actual dialogue if I'm the voice and addiction wants you to argue back to me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we're going to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether what you just said is something maybe that you you kind of did have that inner dialogue. This is an inner dialogue, when we have in our head. We all have these decisions, do I want to act on my impulse. Is that really the healthy thing to do. We all have them.
Victoria reed: Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we check, is that really what I believe in is that
Victoria reed: Exactly what I was telling myself. I said,
Victoria reed: Yeah, it's not worth all the progress that
Victoria reed: Come to lately.
Victoria reed: Okay, and it's not worth it. And I don't like the feeling that I feel when I was on it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Victoria reed: You know, when I was coming when it was wearing off coming down, whatever. Yeah, you feel guilt and you feel
Victoria reed: Sad and all the emotions coming back like horrible. I wouldn't want to feel that way again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, so even though earlier, a couple of things happened you minimize a bit to me right that the cravings weren't there when I pushed a little harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Victoria reed: Okay. And I like remember them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but sometimes it doesn't remember sometimes what people do and I noticed it very often in the front end of the session with people they say everything's fine.
Victoria reed: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: When we talk a little bit more. That's not the case. There's been some distress, there was more to it. I just invite you that you're here to get right to what's unsettled for you. What's distressing for you. You don't have to pretend ever
Victoria reed: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See something you don't have to be happy, shiny. If you're not happy shiny. Fantastic. That's, that's, that's just fine. Even though you didn't really reinforce all the other beautiful smile today.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's. It doesn't mean you have to be here with a beautiful smile. This is your
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and we get socialized. So we think we've got to make this other person.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Victoria reed: Now, what is the one that we were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: placating
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty much, yeah. You don't have to do that. This is your time. Okay, so you get what you need from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's see. We do have, there's more to work with this way. So we could say, all right, there was some loneliness. There was an awareness that the cousin isn't around. What are you kind of, you know, like it really matter. It's been kind of nice to have around at night.
Victoria reed: Yeah, um,
Victoria reed: Well, one of the things, too, is
Victoria reed: I've been going into the backyard. You know, because I like try to, I always pick up after the dogs and I try to like there's a lot of dirt and I sweep the top of it. I don't know why I do that I'm I've been finding footprints.
Victoria reed: Like someone jumped down into my yard.
Victoria reed: Oh yeah, there's like, you know, you can see when they jumped down
Victoria reed: Yeah, it makes like a big ol footprints. I've been finding that and that's like I have a camera here, but it
Victoria reed: Kind of gets a little scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I would want to understand that, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think it is.
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: They
Victoria reed: It's probably the neighbor in the back because our someone went through the yard or something but
Victoria reed: Um, I don't really know how someone would have just walked through the yard because they keep it, you know, pretty much locked in. It's like
Victoria reed: They seem kind of
Victoria reed: rowdy yeah okay
Victoria reed: Oh, I think maybe you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not thinking anyone sneaking in or out of the house. You're just thinking they're kind of in the back area.
Victoria reed: Yeah, going through our yard.
Victoria reed: Okay, yeah, come in through it like the wee hours of the morning
Victoria reed: Yeah, cuz I let the dogs out to use a bathroom again like around
Victoria reed: 1112
Victoria reed: You know, before we lay down and then
Victoria reed: So like
Victoria reed: I know those footprints weren't there, you know, around that time. So it's like
Victoria reed: They just go to our yard to get to where maybe they need to go or something, I don't know, cut through it.
Victoria reed: But I don't
Victoria reed: Like that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the feeling
Victoria reed: Scared. Yeah, scary because it's obviously Male Okay. They got there's a real big footprints.
Victoria reed: And then
Victoria reed: This morning there was a a boot boot prints jumping, you know, from the fence in the back on to my dirt.
Victoria reed: You can see it. They walk all the way out to the
Victoria reed: The street.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe. What do you think, and for a solution, putting something right on the other side of that fence, a land in the water.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Victoria reed: That's exactly what I was
Victoria reed: Thinking, I know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, or a bunch of bells are ringing when they
Victoria reed: Yes, our
Gwenevere Abriel: Cans man.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're going to wake up and hear it.
Yeah.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I think about things like having something sort of a negative thing happened, but you never know. People retaliate, and
Victoria reed: They're not rash. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least if you were to wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could call emergency services or something you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes picture on it.
Victoria reed: I kind of, yeah. I went through and to
Victoria reed: With my phone.
Victoria reed: Pictures of the
Victoria reed: Footprint yeah and they fall all the way out to the end of the gate and they jumped in the neighbor's yard to get out.
Victoria reed: Because it's like really low in the front of the yard to where they could just like put their legs over and get out
Gwenevere Abriel: Your landlord has like a sign that could say no trespassing trespassers will be prosecuted. I mean, is that sign and offer an option. Maybe or something.
Victoria reed: It is an option. I just need to, you know,
Victoria reed: Get it myself.
Victoria reed: Hmm. Yeah, that's what
Victoria reed: I'll probably this weekend goal and get the things I need
Gwenevere Abriel: Me just get get this call. Let me stop for just
Victoria reed: Yeah, no problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: So since there's nothing really
Gwenevere Abriel: About what to do with that.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we spend a little bit of time around the sad.
Victoria reed: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's spend a little bit of time with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is not to say we couldn't we couldn't go and address that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That fear part and really that should be up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is probably much, much, much, much older and there might be
Gwenevere Abriel: You know someone that was prowling or something. Maybe back in your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes. Okay.
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: I want to do that here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how old is it. What's the most intense or the earliest sort of base scary feeling that's just like this one really similar to it.
Victoria reed: I'm one
Victoria reed: I was
Victoria reed: 18
Okay.
Victoria reed: I was asleep in my my room, cuz I mean, my dad and everyone you know moved into an apartment.
Victoria reed: And I had got my stuff, put away and I laid down and about an hour after that there was someone in my room crawled through the window. Yeah I screen. Oh my god, I was so scary. And they jumped out of the window and yeah
Victoria reed: That was
Victoria reed: It's been about it makes me
Gwenevere Abriel: So you screamed and they jumped out of the window.
Victoria reed: Yes. And my dad came in.
Victoria reed: Oh, I still remember that like
Gwenevere Abriel: So, how you doing, yeah. So, how you feeling in the body right now. Tell me what's going on, they're
Victoria reed: Scared shaky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. So shaky really turn into it, let's let's do some investigation. What else is going on very shaky what parts.
Victoria reed: My whole body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body. Okay, yeah, that is a scary one
Victoria reed: Yeah, audio shaky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check. Check out, check out like your faces doing kind of do a scan shoulders chest
Yeah.
Victoria reed: I'm grabbing my that nervous thing I do when I randomly. Good, yeah.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in with the throat. The chest turn inward. It's not happening now. I don't feel like it's being relived as if it is
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why we go around it but just pay attention just my eyes are closed and I'm kind of scanning audience you do yours just sort of pay attention.
Victoria reed: Just as tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test. Okay, tell me what else this is tight.
Victoria reed: Know really shaky. Yep.
Victoria reed: Feeling really shaky. My mouth is dry.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your back. Has your gut. How, what else. See if you can scan those areas.
Victoria reed: My back is a little achy okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything with the gut.
Victoria reed: I'm not the bill.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think going on there. And how about not about the legs.
Victoria reed: My legs kind of feel like tense, like the back of it. Yeah.
Victoria reed: I like new need the robot. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like so tense. The back handsprings maybe
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about FEET ARE THEY DOING.
Victoria reed: No, yes or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do, let's do some of the diet for matic breathing together. Let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this so that we can remind the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So have a really clear contradiction to what the thoughts are right now. So we brought it from memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it thinks it's happening now, but we need to remind the body to contradict what's going on in the brain. And no, no, no. We're okay that's in the past. So we're going to do that. So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have a really, really big inhale together, bringing it into the belly and hold it there for 321 push it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 inhale through the nose, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 blow it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's that's that's that's that's that hold 321 inhale through the nose right into the bottom of that long. Very nice. Hold 321 push it all that. Let's get that belly. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Here we go. And hold 321 and as inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that are coming into nostrils and that lower flung and 321 exhale it all out. You good, good, good, good, and hold it all out for 321 inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 exhale and a whole outfit mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good flat tummy hold it out for 321 let's breathe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold
Gwenevere Abriel: Two, one. Let's blow it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 breathe it in, right down to the bottom of that long to that diaphragm to smash all those organs blow 321 push it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 that's inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 push it all out.
Victoria reed: Hold it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All out for 321 inhale in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 push it all out longest breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's return to your natural breath nice flow. Find your own rhythm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And running this mantra of I'm safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: My arms are warm and heavy
Gwenevere Abriel: My legs are warm and heavy
Gwenevere Abriel: My hands are warm
My feet are more
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just scan your body. See how it's doing
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now what does stress level. Would you say from zero to 100. Are you out of this point.
Victoria reed: Oh, one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we brought that right down
Gwenevere Abriel: Such a great thing for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds
Victoria reed: So behind, man.
Victoria reed: Went away and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep. And you don't have to believe in this stuff or to work. This is just physiology.
Victoria reed: Really, yes.
Victoria reed: I love it.
I do to
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but what happened just now just what science offers this explanation is the timestamp because you are so flooded with fear back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: It the timestamp corrupted in your hippocampus, it thinks. As soon as you pull up the memory it thinks it's happening now.
Victoria reed: Yeah, goes into
Gwenevere Abriel: And the response in
Victoria reed: Your mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so he thinks it's happening now. It's not set in the past. So let's do some work with it and let's get it in the past. Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I might use a really bad. I'm so sorry about that.
Victoria reed: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not forget to and you don't have to wait for me to bring the qualities of your nurturing your wives and your protective figure the wolf. The gramma cat in your on Peggy
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't. You don't have to wait for me. I'm pretty good at when it gets
Victoria reed: My all
Victoria reed: Right, I'm pretty good at.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eating it in, but you never have to wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. You don't have to
Victoria reed: Have it set out in front of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good, good. So what we'll do is I don't want you so activated that learning can happen because that thing, same thing that happened and they have a campus can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can happen again in here, which means you're not going to it, the timestamp still won't happen. So we want it to get
Gwenevere Abriel: In the past, so I don't want you just now before we did the relaxation how how stressed from zero to 100 were you what number was that at
Victoria reed: 60 yeah okay I'm going to just put it over there, cut and paste
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're all yes right you're on a phone, and I'm going to be doing. Doing the the fingers right directing you back and forth.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can find
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a little. It just happened a few minutes ago. What was the predominant scary thought you had, what were the thoughts you were having
Victoria reed: That whoever this person is the though.
Victoria reed: Try to come in and you know get in and
Victoria reed: Out oh no happen and I
Victoria reed: Don't bet the uncertain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I don't know. And if something bad will happen. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the feeling was fear. Yes. You called it scared right
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling scared and you explained the whole body was having this response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some interweaving of this this team. I want you to have right now, I want you to sort of first close your eyes and picture, the wolf.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe even be in that realm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moms. There's a new apartment Dad's there. They're not in that room but you woke right it's in that room, but I want you to picture this wolf there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Victoria reed: No. Oh.
Victoria reed: Oh, no.
Victoria reed: Strong protective
Gwenevere Abriel: Try and picture where he would be
Victoria reed: right by me right next to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right next to you. Absolutely. And as he awake.
Victoria reed: Yes, he's awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: awake and protecting
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see if we can bring this concept to this quality of the cat and grandmother in there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how might they be interacting to sort of see them.
Victoria reed: grandma's asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go guys could be asleep. What about the cat.
Victoria reed: My cat is at the foot of my bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is she purring, can you kind of
Victoria reed: Go look yes okay curled up
Gwenevere Abriel: And Katie
Victoria reed: Man.
Victoria reed: Sitting up haha she doing yes he's awake.
Victoria reed: During her like puzzles and which usually does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like you to really be present with them for a moment just really be president. She's working a puzzle and awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: grandma's asleep cats curled up and the wolf is
awake and protecting
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just really I'll do a nice slow iteration. With that, to, to sort of interweave that when you're ready. I want you to pull up the worst image. I know it was hard before
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's get some desensitization. And let's break up that network, a little bit. So pull up that WORST piece, maybe you know you've got it set scary one
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's open your eyes. And I want you to be holding on to those qualities of the team to the wolf.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is awake and protecting you.
Gwenevere Abriel: grandma's they're asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cats curled up
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're out Peggy is awake and doing proposal.
Gwenevere Abriel: You looking at the two objects.
Victoria reed: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. I'll just continue it a little longer. Okay.
Victoria reed: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all right. I neglected to catch it first. I was busy watching my own finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. That giggle is good too, because it's the opposite of what the mind wants to tell you that you're in danger. Okay, so it's okay that giggles Just it's good medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to put a little pause and I'm going to ask you to move those objects, a little closer. You're working
Victoria reed: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull them a little closer. You're either really having to stretch
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to be fatigued, so see if we can pull left and right closer
Victoria reed: Your eyes. Okay.
Victoria reed: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're going to do this again pull up the worst picture of that event and aware of the team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call us eight qualities, a team that beautiful strong. OK, so now I'm going to set the pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. So you're going to look at the objects, nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little slower. Nice and easy. This one slow
Victoria reed: A little nauseous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stop and just look at one object. Just pick one object and look at it just stare at
Gwenevere Abriel: I still think this one's two o'clock. I think there, something's off with this. We're gonna have
Gwenevere Abriel: To adjust it. No worries. Just look at one object and just get get centered on that one. Oh.
Victoria reed: I move this one a little closer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to take, take your hands that that you're at your shoulders like this. Put your hands, your shoulders and now move them, keep them just the same distance and move them right in front of you know keep and see if those objects are the same distance as your shoulders.
Victoria reed: They are no
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, because this is what you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, now that watch this is what I want you to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, it's, it's the eyes are just doing this little movement.
Victoria reed: Here your
Gwenevere Abriel: Way over and they were straining
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I don't want you to be comfortable. I'm so glad you said you were feeling, not you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You take direction so well. But you've got to pay attention to you. So there is this sort of propensity to want to sort of take my direction which is amazing. But there's you got to pay attention to. You have
Victoria reed: To yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you're experiencing. We gotta gotta pay attention to.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was some nasza and now we're adjusting to see. I'm glad to hook up. Thank goodness
Gwenevere Abriel: So on your own time, just you gently look back and forth to those objects when the Nadia has passed just to see if it's comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right right there.
Victoria reed: To fans what you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And can you see it go back any further. It's already said as far back as it can go.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So how's the najah
Victoria reed: Good.
Victoria reed: Okay, let's put it on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll put a little bit of time in between it though I'd like to I'd like for you to feel better for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I got one of my kids is a it's an adult child, but there's some medical thing going on. Sorry for the distraction. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now just gone if adjusted
Gwenevere Abriel: What to stress level are you at right now.
Victoria reed: One.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are
Yeah.
Victoria reed: When I had that the nauseous feeling and it was like a little pain at the
Victoria reed: pit of my stomach.
Victoria reed: Yeah. Um, that was
Victoria reed: I say about three, four.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So not a lot of distress, not up at a 16 so that's interesting. Okay, your tolerance for that physical pain is pretty high.
Victoria reed: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do something. I want you to do another iteration. I want to see if we can get
Gwenevere Abriel: Get this weaved in a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some pull up that WORST piece and words picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture the wolf strong and beautiful awakened by right next to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cats curled up grandma's asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Peggy's working a puzzle. Okay, nice and easy, nice and slow hold both
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay image with the worst piece, nice and slow, slow at the pace of my finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you get my pace, then you can go
You can on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding the worst image with your team all around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you breathing.
Victoria reed: No, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow down even more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worse picture with your team and grieving.
Le slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's have a nice inhale into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And just do a scan of your mind, your emotion and your body and tell me what's what's coming up.
Victoria reed: Just a little anxious and my so me. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem a little different than before.
Victoria reed: No, just
Victoria reed: Like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: nauseous so anxious is a notch in their
Victoria reed: Little okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to do this. I want you to close your eyes for a moment. I want you to picture if you are going to ask for some help from your protective figure from your nurturer from your wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine that this this anxious stomach is still registering some perceived threat. Okay, it's sending a message is still hasn't really important concern.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to give it a voice. It needs something from these figures. See if you can give it a voice. Who does it want to ask help from doesn't want to say something to one of these, these figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: With it until that comes to your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Victoria reed: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would you ask him to do.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you ask him to do.
Victoria reed: To make that
Victoria reed: Person leave. Yeah.
Victoria reed: And not come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's get into that imagery. I want you in this imagination. I want you to picture you're doing that, you're directing the wolf to make this personally and not come back. You're going to open your eyes first pull up the worst part of it. And then let's have you
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking that wolf just inside your mind. You can even say it out loud. That's whatever works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good you breathing was nice. I saw some breath. Keep it going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture that will have to be exactly what you want it to do.
Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: yourself permission to empower that wolf to do just what's needed to protect you to feel like you're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me in a little bit. Tell me what your what you experienced
Victoria reed: One.
Victoria reed: Person when he got it, he you know my bed was close to the window, so he had to jump on the bed to get in.
Victoria reed: Oh my gosh, I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Scary. Okay, so that just came up
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have the wolf do something in this imagery. Okay, let's do this again, nice and slow. I want you to get this full ask it out loud. I want to hear it, shout it out. Allow me to do something.
Victoria reed: Make this personally never come back. I'm scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about before he even gets to the window.
Victoria reed: Not that protect me. Yeah, I take my
Victoria reed: My aunt and my grandma, my cat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he have special hearing as as as a wolf that he can go
Victoria reed: Understand, yeah.
Victoria reed: So you can read my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can read your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before he even gets in.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this was doing
Victoria reed: Growing
Victoria reed: Up.
Victoria reed: And then what do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do
Victoria reed: I
Victoria reed: I'm just scared and behind him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay you staying in this room.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what she wants to do.
Victoria reed: Yes, because my grandma and my and my cat.
Victoria reed: I don't want nothing to happen to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're there for you. What does grandma due
Victoria reed: To the pretty tough lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: She asked from her because this is for you. See if you can ask her to do something for you.
Victoria reed: Me with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is she hugging you holding you
Victoria reed: With you. Okay.
Victoria reed: So she's telling me.
Victoria reed: And now we're asking me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And what's the wolf doing now.
Victoria reed: still growing. And then, you know, waiting to
Victoria reed: Attack if he needs to
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're getting emotional, physical support from Grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so let's keep keep paying attention to your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture being held by her
Breeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture her holding you
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing you
Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's pretend together, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing right now.
Victoria reed: More calmer.
More calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what your body is communicating to you.
Victoria reed: No more nauseous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no more nauseous.
Victoria reed: And I feel like I can handle.
Victoria reed: Whatever comes
Victoria reed: To fight that person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Go with that I handled it. And I believe I can handle it. Hold that worst image. You did handle it. You're here now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can handle it picture that horse piece. And now I know I can handle it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can handle whatever comes
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend together nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And that'll be our last iteration for today, but take some time and really scan scan the body, see if there's any charge left
Anywhere.
Victoria reed: Low tiny little painting with
Gwenevere Abriel: Paint in the sun.
Victoria reed: Yeah, little
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if we can put it, would you like to put it in that container and leave it there, or put it in in a on the distancing sort of metaphor and have it be drifting away. Let's see what
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's do that together and your metaphor is it's sort of on this ship and it's sailing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, picture putting putting this stomach pain on the ship how you're going to get there.
Victoria reed: Just put it from my hand, take it off my domain. Yeah.
Victoria reed: Okay.
Victoria reed: Here we
Gwenevere Abriel: Go, go. Okay, so is it in any kind of container on the ship.
Victoria reed: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just sitting there. All right, and then just see it, leaving the dock and you remain by your side always this beautiful strong wolf.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remaining with you. Your grandma.
And your cat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the wisdom.
Of Peggy
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how to protect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how to nurture yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know when to do it and how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you put this
Gwenevere Abriel: On the ship and it's moving further and further away and try to picture it
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of off in the distance, maybe where you can barely see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: To notice how your body feels. Is it it's further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you are there grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: In wisdom safety and nurturing
Victoria reed: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: There's relief.
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body again check and see if there's any charge still left working feet. See if there's blood. They're, they're numb check and see if there's blood in the legs means they want it to be flowing everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not just in the large muscle groups when we're afraid and tense and need to run or fight we want that blood flowing everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back in the belly in the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your hands and arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Throat jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: Errors and
Gwenevere Abriel: her cheek.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: temples and forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: The top of the head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that there's a shift to a relaxed state or if you notice, there's still something tense somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's open the eyes and hang out with me here in in this moment and share with me a little bit about what was important for you today. Are you noticed
Victoria reed: I noticed that
Victoria reed: Everyone that I needed was right there.
Victoria reed: To help me through
Victoria reed: This little
Victoria reed: mishap. Yeah.
Victoria reed: So,
Victoria reed: Relax calm.
Victoria reed: And I know I have
Victoria reed: My wolf to protect me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe sitting with that imagery more frequently. This week, especially at night. Yeah. When you're alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Making sure that you're reaching out to people still we've got to make sure those those time periods are very carefully protected because that might be a time when you're, you want to make some plans with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's not with people, then at least kind of have something set up for yourself, because that's a little bit more of a vulnerable time for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that seem like maybe hey you know at Lucy, could we do this or
Gwenevere Abriel: Sin or gray kind of set that up because, you know, that's your, your time when it's quiet and
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's some loneliness and stuff that comes up, then
Yeah.
Victoria reed: Probably Cindy or ray
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to meet again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next week if you can edit o'clock. Are you able to do that.
Victoria reed: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's meet February 26
Gwenevere Abriel: at 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's continue this work that we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, my dear. Be good to you and I will see you soon.
Victoria reed: Thank you.
Bye bye.
Alright, so this will be Daniel
Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's check make sure we can hear each other.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, I can hear you. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can hear you as well. Excellent. We gotta love that. Okay, so I am going to open up a note here. Pull up your chart while I'm doing that, once you tell me a little bit about, um, I can't tell if that were annotation. The other day had to do with a new job or is this a new job.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, but
Daniel Guerrero: When I got
Daniel Guerrero: I got a part time job, but I've already been terminated. Oh.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I have some stuff on my background that you know kind of caused
Daniel Guerrero: The manage but they're going to give me an opportunity to fight it, because it's already been 10 years you know I'm a felon, but it's I caught the case I caught the case like 2010 and here we are in 2020 so I'm hoping that maybe we can get it a second care of so
Gwenevere Abriel: So you really like this job you want to fight for it.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, it's, I mean, it's not like it's just a part time job well because my wife's uncle lives here with us. Right. And so he has a he has this provider this care provided company that
Daniel Guerrero: You know, they take care of, like, all his finances, they take care of like his doctor's appointments and stuff like that. Well, he
Daniel Guerrero: They need of someone who's like will come in and be like an aid to him right but
Daniel Guerrero: He's not he does anybody from the company from their company coming into our house. And so I applied for it to see if I could get it and so
Daniel Guerrero: They allowed me to get it. Well, they gave me 10 days. So I have 10 days to fight this and then hopefully we can get it resolved. Otherwise it'll be
Daniel Guerrero: Be a dead issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you would be caring for your uncle.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. Well, I mean, we do all the big we already do all the basics for me anyway we cook. We clean, you know, we'd be
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to bill for Bill insurance for that.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. You know, I mean, what have you. They're going to pay me for it. Why not you know i mean
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people that are doing that. Yeah, yeah. New Mexico did something that they loosened up the ability to what you're what you're describing
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how to phrase it but there's a lot of participants.
That are doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just going to take a couple of your goals here and I'm going to put achieved on it because you've been able to attend group and individual therapy consistently so props to you for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: change some things around, get some new goals for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That are more relevant for you today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go achieve
Gwenevere Abriel: Goals. Nice. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean you stop attending. It just means that those first 30 days which are usually the most difficult for people being able to attend individual therapy and group every week tends to be a challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm saying that but I didn't actually look and see how many attended. Let me just look step back a little bit. Come back or are all right we got
Gwenevere Abriel: What is you came in for iOS psycho social
Gwenevere Abriel: On 114
Okay, and then we got 122 DPS and 22 we
Gwenevere Abriel: All grew up on 120 as a group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then grew up 127
Gwenevere Abriel: And then individual 131
Gwenevere Abriel: On growth was 2323
Gwenevere Abriel: Individual to sex.
Daniel Guerrero: One second.
To 12
Daniel Guerrero: I can hear you, man.
Daniel Guerrero: Taking care of uncle and sometimes he loses in
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I can't actually have it here. Specifically, I can hear some sound but but not anything to specific is he upset.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, exactly. Like in well. He claims that he has a memory loss and he can't remember nothing
Daniel Guerrero: But like I said, he's claiming that and you pull this card every day. And when I really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see 1234
Yeah, I think that's pretty darn good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really just to close that goal. I really should have one more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressing. Is it for you. The, the, the financial instability. Let me understand a little bit about what that's like for you right now.
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, to me, it's
Daniel Guerrero: It's a heavy know you know financially to be financially stable because, you know, I've never had it before, you know, never been financially stable my life. Okay, and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it took me a long time to get to where I'm at. So for me, it's very important, and at the same time it to stressors, you know, because, you know, I do have I do full time job and
Daniel Guerrero: But also on my full time job. They're also garnishing
Daniel Guerrero: Celtic
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you pay restitution for something
Daniel Guerrero: Though paying child support.
That's how
Daniel Guerrero: I paid to 10 a month. And one of my son's
Daniel Guerrero: Don't even get to see him. Let me see him, but I still have to pay for it. I mean, but anyways.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, so
Daniel Guerrero: I've already already working at it, you know, I work at a burger place, you know, Marty, you know, in the, you know, my hands are tied to read there. I mean, oh yeah, I'm the manager, but I think I should be making more than when I'm making but I'm not
Daniel Guerrero: I bring home about 530 every two weeks. It's about 1060 a month.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's hard to live on right there.
Daniel Guerrero: My rent my rent alone is 850 a month, you know, so like it's super tight. You know what I mean. Yeah, I do. I hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got, you know, a little mouths to feed to
Daniel Guerrero: Do she do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it is a heavy burden.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't disagree. I mean, I know right now. I'm kind of having this sort of shock because you are highly articulate, intelligent
Gwenevere Abriel: Charismatic like all the recipes for really everything that you need to get what you want. You do have this history that's a pain in the butt. It follows you around that that felony conviction stuff their convictions. Right. That's what we're talking about.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're 10 years old and
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you at the point in your life and it doesn't it. The answer can be no i don't have a hidden agenda. I'm very transparent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there an interest to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a career.
Yeah, you
Daniel Guerrero: Know, man. I wouldn't
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I think about this every day. You know what I mean, like, you know what would have been like if I would have chose a different route, you know, but if I would have
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know if I would be the person I am today. You know, I think I might be somebody different. You know, because I'm really happy with myself, you know,
You know,
Daniel Guerrero: But at the same time, you know. Yeah. You know, I would love you know
Daniel Guerrero: Like
Daniel Guerrero: You know I'm challenged. You know, like, I'm not really like, you know, I can read and write, basic, you know, basic arithmetic, you know, but
Daniel Guerrero: Like when it gets into, like, you know, like, because I was trying for my GED, and I missed it, like, three points I missed my god for three points and well I got out of prison and I get in. It's like now life's demands are hitting me
Daniel Guerrero: Where I'm always spending more time at work. I'm always spending time running around, you know, got the kids.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, not blaming none of them, you know, because I do have a couple hours, you know, to stop when I could you know be studying, you know, to get a GED and but I choose not to. Because I'm resting on the cool you know this, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: What
Gwenevere Abriel: So I, I heard that the you go into the past and and that's that isn't quite what I'm inviting you to do right now. What I'm asking you to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't go change the past. I like I like how you appreciate who you are today. I think that's smart. It's healthy but what I'm asking is,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is really tricky. Some people identify, they have a career idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people, they're like, I know I want to get my CD license and I know I want to be a driver or they'll say, I know I want to be a chef and so they'll write a love food or I want a food truck. They're like they have something in the back that brings them joy and could bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: An income that isn't job. It's a career. It's like this taps into something more than just an income. This is life satisfaction to. And I wondered if there was one of those. And I heard you with the GED.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think there are
Gwenevere Abriel: solutions that can be arranged around finding time for that. You know, it would be inconvenient, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You could do it if you really, really, really wanted to do it. But what's the motivation. You know, is there a career. Is there a passion you have, is there a field.
Gwenevere Abriel: That maybe you caught a glimpse of when you were a young man, or maybe somewhere along the line and you kind of let it you let it go.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Back, back, you know, being a manager, you know, I've always I've always done that, you know, there's always great opportunities working for franchises, you know, in corporations to become you know like GM
Daniel Guerrero: And that's something that I did pass up. You know, when I was younger.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because I let. I let my temper, get the way
Daniel Guerrero: I might want to be a I was a first assistant manager for McDonald's.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: The word supervisor asked me is like,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, Danny. Are you ready to step up, you know, made
Daniel Guerrero: 60,000 80,000 a year.
Daniel Guerrero: I was like, well, yeah, no. Yeah, so I want you know, and he goes with just keep doing what you're doing, man. You're doing a good job and you know we're recognizing and I'm like okay
Daniel Guerrero: And like I said, like, you know, six months down the line that conversation had already drifted
Daniel Guerrero: My focus. Wasn't that any more. My focus was, you know, my myself, you know, self ambitions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Selling drugs or something like what got in the way.
Daniel Guerrero: No, I was, um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I honestly
Daniel Guerrero: I was working. I was working for McDonald's at that time and
Daniel Guerrero: I was the one of the one of the shift managers there. You know, I had did something you know uncalled for, you know, I didn't, a middle of lunch. It was stupid. It was stupid. Stupid what I did. And now that I think about it was stupid. You know, I know. Did it anyways so she closed. She was
Daniel Guerrero: A girl have been complaining that you know she needed a break, because she had been there, you know, since nine o'clock that morning it was already launched. She wanted a break. So she closed the bat drive
Daniel Guerrero: And so now we have to collect food and I mean to collect money and send out food out of one window because she closed it back drive
Daniel Guerrero: And it pissed me off.
Daniel Guerrero: And I told them. I told the the GM I say they do. Why, why are you allowing this to happen. I mean, we're in the middle of lunch.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: He popped off with. I'm the manager here and this and that. And I was like, well, good, then you can manage this fucking store your damn so you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one.
Daniel Guerrero: So, okay, I've got really upset about it and I and under cool like I should not even know let her, you know, get to my nerves like that because she wasn't nothing but a shift manager.
Daniel Guerrero: And I should have been more responsible and I've been like, well, then I'll do it myself. And you can run the front or something.
Daniel Guerrero: And well. Instead I chose I chose to let my anger and like I said you know myself getting the way of, you know, just looking at a bigger picture. And I kind of ruin that and now
Daniel Guerrero: McDonald's is just like, now you're on higher level, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: That. So I'm trying, I'm trying. You know, like to build the resumes. Right. I don't like I'm not really that great one on How to Build a Resume, but I have been trying
Daniel Guerrero: Because i think i think that i can put a good resume together. If I knew how just don't know how. Okay. Right. Well, I've been going online.
Daniel Guerrero: And I've been looking at like examples of how to put a resume together. I've been looking at you know how to build a resume. I even download download it on my play store this a
Daniel Guerrero: Resume Builder, you know, and like you put typing stuff and it gives you an example of how to re educate what you just put in. And it's like, oh, damn you.
Daniel Guerrero: Said that, okay. I don't even know what these words mean with their long you
Know,
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Daniel Guerrero: Down. But anyways, so that's something that I had been trying to do because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I believe in my heart, my heart that I can do that. I because I've been doing it my whole life. You know, I've been. I've been working in fast food.
Daniel Guerrero: Restaurants and cooking, you know, I got 20 years experience. I've been doing this since I was 18 years old. I'm 40
Daniel Guerrero: And you know this was my, my first job was flipping a burger. And my last job would probably be flipping a burger, you know, in me. You know, it's not made for everybody, everybody's not made.
Daniel Guerrero: But there are people that are do I can do it right and I can do it and I'm a, I'm really good at it, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: I just know that pays not really that well with it. And so like at times. Yeah, it's a financial burden for me just not have been like, you know, for example, I wanted to go and be a Marine. I wanted to be. I want to go and be a Marine. And I went and I wanted to be.
Daniel Guerrero: I know I wanted to be a
Daniel Guerrero: PT origin and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I kind of a kind of ruin that you know I didn't ruin that i think i mean i did because I still could have done it.
Daniel Guerrero: But you know, I let you know smoking bud and partying getting away.
Daniel Guerrero: And so
Daniel Guerrero: You know, kind of hard on myself about that because it's really what I wanted to do. I wanted to go and serve my country and
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the piece about the anger is a big one. And there's been you've touched on it a little bit around your, your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Especially the adolescence, we heard about that in here. I think it's going to need a more attention from us. I think it's something that deserves more attention and then I'm also hearing. There was some passion about wanting to serve your country.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know you were a kid and and I understand for a lot of people, their environment. There's just, that's what's around. That's what everybody's doing so then you do the same thing and you have a lot of responsibilities now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that that part about I wanted to serve my country. I'm curious about that one. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you think of a way that you could do that without going into the military.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I care of late, you know, I've kind of gotten away, you know, a little bit, you know, but you know it's not an excuse, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I could I could do. I could do things, you know, to help you know because I never got help you know nobody ever helped me, you know, because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, the way I looked at it as people are too full of themselves that they didn't have time, you know, to give a lending hand. Now the only people that are helped me was like my mom, my father in law. My mother in law.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: I think, I think I can start my country by giving back. You know, to even if I don't have it, you know, just serve and give back.
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, it may not seem like it but you know I'm
Daniel Guerrero: I'm pretty good. You know, I, I'm pretty good at my and the word. You know, I know the word will be well okay
Daniel Guerrero: You know that's something that you know i i need to get back into extremely because you know I'm pretty good.
Daniel Guerrero: Before I got out of prison, you know, that's something that I did. I was involved in the church. I, I served in the church.
Daniel Guerrero: And I also, you know, taught in the church, you know, Church as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're getting somewhere. Right, so right your ministry is is around you all the time, these people that you could be talking about right that passion that thing that you you care deeply about. That's a way for you to be in service.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right and and for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they're getting their income, but it can also be around volunteering to so there might end up being an opportunity for you to
Daniel Guerrero: Anyone sorry about
Daniel Guerrero: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Volunteer for some people it's not really becoming a minister, although maybe it is
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's making sure that that part is being addressed i i think that it's important that we take a look at what what brings you joy. It's because a life is not just earning an income. It's. Am I enjoying my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this this irritability or short temper and anger can be diminished. If there's a balance and there's another part of your life where you're getting refueling
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That makes sense.
Daniel Guerrero: We've recorded, please.
Daniel Guerrero: Write it in the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever volunteered.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be a big brother or peer mentor, something like that.
Daniel Guerrero: I haven't
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and when I was when I was in prison. I used to do that, you know, I used to go to other guys, you know, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: If you need anybody to talk to you know I'm always available. You know, I always do that, you know, because you know
Daniel Guerrero: I mean i remember when i when i first stepped into the system was just a kid and you know it was the older guys that they related to me because they knew they had already been through what I was already going through or without what was coming up.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I would you know I would take these cats, because I have, you know, in a bunch of them early 19 and 20 years old I have 1920 year olds and now the room.
Daniel Guerrero: And so, excuse me, so I so I would relate to them like, you know, and I would take them in and like, Yeah, you know what, I'm not your dad and I'm not going to be your dad. But look, bro. This is not the road, you know, we have to change some things, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's to stop my dad, you know, and I would love to, you know, get involved, you know and and being, you know, but there's going to be honest man like I make excuses time or I'm always tired.
Daniel Guerrero: But maybe we'll change it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's it's it's a weird thing that happens we we think the GED. So it's you go online. You say, Why are there some online courses, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you and me or whatever's around you. They may have online courses to review for your GED. You know, I don't have time for that or volunteering. I don't have time for that. You may think that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what comes back to you when you're actually doing something that you care about it, it does something for the soul, it, it, it feeds it
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you step into doing something. Yes. It takes time. But it's something you care about.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the Grudge and drudgery of job right. It's not a nine to five thing it's I'm investing in myself. It gives back
Gwenevere Abriel: It returns immediately in self love validation self esteem confidence excitement and vitality, you think it would suck all the life idea. It doesn't all of a sudden you're like, Oh, I've got the time for this, this, this, I and you just but you don't know until you get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you might be at the phase where you're thinking, I don't have time for it, but you're not going to know what it feels like. Until you put your little toe in it.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This all started with
Gwenevere Abriel: The piece about the anger and you know it intellectually, you know it because you brought it up to me about with with your older older boys. I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it also, it got in the way of a career path if it turns out that wasn't really your, your path. Anyway, so be it nothing we can do about that. Anyway, nothing but what we do with it today is important.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to, I want to set some goals if you'd like around because we started to I can see I started to write a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get into that a little bit more. And so it's anger. It's a discussion of resume GED volunteering, right, those kinds of things. Those are things you can really get your hands on and we can start to put some action into
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, though I they can't be my goals they have to be yours. They have to be what what inspires you, or you have just an idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this is where the passion lies. This is where vitality, which is our, our life spirit. It's just this energy if you sort of think that's where it is, then that's the direction to go. But it can't be my direction. I can't be the ones doing this, it has to come from you, where do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to put energy into based on some of the things we talked about, what do you want to do.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I think it's important for me to get a GED. I think it's important for me to get an education because
Daniel Guerrero: You know I have. And, you know, and I think it's important to me because I think if I if my kids see that I can do it at this age, they can do it right.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, sometimes you know you watch like the commercials. You know, you got like students graduating from college did or you know grandmother's or, you know, that are already fathers and mothers and you're graduating from college, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I know that would be something I will be my first and then
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you know, my, my brother graduated. My mom was so happy for my brother, right, like she threw them as big as graduation party. No, she bought him a class when she bought her gown, you know, she's she spent a lot of money, you know, getting him together, you know, for his graduation.
Daniel Guerrero: And so it would like to, I would like to have, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: A diploma to take to my mom and be like your mom, I did it for you, you know, or not for you, but for me first. But, you know, here's your joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It starts with the first step, Daniel. It starts with where to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: It starts with getting on the internet. It starts with making a call. It's about these little tiny steps. There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: Big achievement. That's not built on tiny little pieces if they're all the same. Doesn't matter what you want to do. They're all built on these little steps. It can feel overwhelming you get ahead and you think, Oh, it's this insurmountable thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know what we're capable of until we get there. Just assume you're capable
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, right. There's no his
Gwenevere Abriel: wife wants to tell you. No, no, you need a little bit more of this a little bit more of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pretty darn confident, it is not going to be any more difficult than you surviving and frozen.
Daniel Guerrero: That's true. I agree with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I seriously and I know this may seem like an odd thing to compare it to. But you you think guys forget
Gwenevere Abriel: How strong you are okay when you're out here and it's about rejection from out here, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The rules are different, like I can't punch him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, right.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't leverage power and control inside the prison system. The rules are different. It's a real black and white world in there but out here. It's subtle it's nuanced and it can be scary for you guys but you're forgetting you have all the skills that are necessary.
You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're worth it, you're worth protecting yourself and maybe had to compromise some core values in order to survive in prison and I get that, but it's the same self preservation
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that I'm worth it. I'm worth protecting myself, you're worth investing in yourself and it's not going to be more difficult than what you had to do in there. Okay. You may think so high with this. So sorry. There's so much going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an adult child. It's got some medical things so I'm kind of I want to have the alert on but full of distracting. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's break it down into pieces. This is just over the next 30 days. It's a tiny little step a little brick right in the foundation. What's the very first small task that you think you need to do to learn more about getting a GED first tiny step.
Daniel Guerrero: Um, well, you know, the first step, but I want to take as
Daniel Guerrero: I want to call the CCC here in Clovis and
Daniel Guerrero: See if they offer some kind of adult
Daniel Guerrero: GED classes or night or daytime.
Daniel Guerrero: GED class.
Daniel Guerrero: If they're free or how
The cost. You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you also consider. I don't know if you have a laptop or something or a library, but you can. You may have the option of doing something online to it might be a combination. See how you're able to do this with me sometimes, you know, with technology advancing were able to do a lot online.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have client will call si, si, si in Clovis, see if they have daytime classes, the cost and what else
Daniel Guerrero: And what times on the time is important and go right on schedule. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And see if I reflect like because I have to. I have to be at work at two o'clock every day, like, yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: And that's and that's the thing that searches. Because like I want to be my own boss. I want to be able to to say when I'm going to go to work. You know what I mean. And, and I want to be able to, you know, earn a good living
Daniel Guerrero: be my own boss, you know when when when these restaurant, you know, and I'm going to call the shots and and I'm not going to work. You know, the employees low a the workers pay us where they pay us like
Daniel Guerrero: That I mean shit I'm making $10 an hour $10 an hour.
Daniel Guerrero: And some jobs in town or pain, you know, more for doing less
Daniel Guerrero: You know, then when I doubt.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the administrators that make more money. It's, it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just the way it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get you there. Let's get you there. Okay, I don't see any reason except a fear of the unknown, you have time, I think I don't know where it is. But we have this hour you're able to create this hour for your chemical dependence. You can do it as an hour.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do it if you commit to it and it's just using this this. I'm just going to do it, even though I don't feel like it that that notion all feel like doing it. You're never gonna feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: You've done this before, nobody ever does nobody feels like it. I've got plenty of things I'm procrastinating on and I know the recipe I got to do it, even though it's
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's never as bad as I think it would be once I'm actually doing it. It never is.
Gwenevere Abriel: We make up this story in our head that it's going to be I'll feel stupid inadequate, I'll get bored. I won't be able to do it, but it's all in our head is never as bad as you think once you get there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are intelligent, you can get this GED. I truly do believe that I do think this anger is a big piece of some things I went sideways. I do want to continue to develop a goal around that, too. So let's take a look at that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a deadline at when you want to hold yourself accountable to have called CC enclose. What do you want to set yourself for that.
Daniel Guerrero: Wouldn't have it wouldn't have it done by, by the end of the week.
OK, I will call
Gwenevere Abriel: By that puts it at February 21
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we'll check on that every month all ask and see if you reach that you're more than welcome to brag about it. I love a text from people saying, I called. I know what it is. And you can brag. I love it. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get to I want to build a resume is that one two. Is there something that
Daniel Guerrero: Yo, you know, because I'm
Daniel Guerrero: I've been trying to do it online. Right. And I've been trying to save them. Well, of course I don't have the money because you know you have to like summer. Like, for example, and I know this is gonna sound silly like three books.
Daniel Guerrero: That's okay. My big accounts and negative 103 bucks. You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, you know, we could do. I'm Danielle, you and I can, I can sit here in a Word document, and I can type it up with you. I can share my screen. We could build one together. If you wanted to spend some time on that. And then I can, I guess, email it to you in a Word document, you'd have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you want to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, if you hate it. If you're like, oh no, but it's a point of departure. It's you hearing from another person.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you may recognize more resources than you realized
Gwenevere Abriel: You may recognize. Oh, I really don't want input or you may like the input, it can still be a therapeutic experience because I'll be able to see as we're interacting around things. What's coming up for you.
Daniel Guerrero: Right and and you know I'm pretty coachable, you know, like
Daniel Guerrero: I don't I don't try to be a selfish, you know i i enjoy. I enjoy correction. I enjoy, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Criticism. Once you can say is that what it is that the right word criticism.
Daniel Guerrero: Criticism constructive criticism, right, because you know I'm
Daniel Guerrero: All my life I've been told that I was going to amount to shit. You ain't shit and they will be shit.
Daniel Guerrero: And, you know, so like when I when I get a constructive criticism, you know, hey, you're doing a good job. But let's try it like this.
Daniel Guerrero: So when I fix it and correct it. You know, it's like hey you catch it. You're doing it. You're doing a good job, keep doing what you're doing, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: All right. And so for me, that's, that's a big deal because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I've never been patted on the back and say, hey, you're doing a good job. You know, my mom and dad never had time to do that shit. You know what I mean, and that's
Gwenevere Abriel: So important though we
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta be able to praise.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's how we find out
Gwenevere Abriel: You know we absorb the positive feedback from our environment we absorb that and it carries it forward for us. That's how we develop our strong identity.
Daniel Guerrero: Is important.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote it down of what we can do is we can kind of pull the screen up you can give me what you already have. We can use a template from the internet or whatever you want to look at
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll start from there and fill it in. Because you mentioned that there's some big fancy words and there are. There's some great words out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: They capture what's your the skills and knowledge that you already have. And it's just sort of plan with those big fancy words and plugging them in. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. And then you're going to set yourself a goal of calling Clovis CC. Is it three C's.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, it's a global community college, so it's it's a CCC
Daniel Guerrero: M.
Daniel Guerrero: I remember the commercial
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to let you have to, but that's still a lot of steps because you'll have to look at the number or you'll go online, but you'll still have to do those steps. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, for I want more self control. This is something you mentioned, I think last time I want more self control. I had taught you the the box breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta be honest with yourself here. Don't try and make me happy. This serves no one not here to make one of your happy don't need a happy therapist and happy client for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been able to a remember to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be remember to do it when you get irritated, angry, frustrated
Daniel Guerrero: Know I'm remembering to do it. It's like, I don't have to remember anymore. It's like I just automatically take the time out and I mean
Daniel Guerrero: That's, that's just real shit and
Daniel Guerrero: So like
Daniel Guerrero: For me, and when, uh, you know, it happens a lot in my house, you know, don't understand. I got I got three teenagers in my house who who got the world's figured out and
Daniel Guerrero: And then I have. I didn't have an upcoming teenager who already got the world figured out because his brothers and sisters already got to figure it out and they're telling you. Oh no, that's not the way it is just the way it is, you know, but anyway, so
Daniel Guerrero: I find myself.
Daniel Guerrero: When, when I get myself in that position. I just go
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I just go out there and I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: I just close them out for a few minutes, relax, and then
Daniel Guerrero: I'll come back in and do my thing. You know, so like yeah I'm finding I'm finding it effective
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I've heard you say you're taking time. But this is a very specific effect. This isn't the same as a regular deep breath. This this intervention this diet dramatic breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Different than just we'll just take a deep breath. They can both be effective, but this this other one
Gwenevere Abriel: Very much it we, you know, I call it a bagel break basically whatever distress, you're having, whether it's anger, fear, or wanting to sort of run for the hills sort of that fight or flight response.
Gwenevere Abriel: It puts a break on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask the question again. I heard what you said. I also automatic I take time for myself. I do it because I have all these teams. I heard on taking the break. But are you remembering to do this box breathing.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh no. Okay, NOT AT ALL TIMES, YOU KNOW, I WOULD I DO IT.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a week, twice a week, how often
Daniel Guerrero: You know, to be honest with you, I probably do it.
Daniel Guerrero: Maybe
Daniel Guerrero: Once every couple days maybe
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Once every couple of days.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would say for you. You may want to do it as at least like two or three times a day. I really think that increase is going to help you have a lot coming at you.
Daniel Guerrero: I really do you know what
Daniel Guerrero: I mean,
Daniel Guerrero: They'll be tough, you know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brain is going to work better and you already know that because you walk outside, you get away from it, your work, your brain works better, faster, stronger when you're calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just does the blood gets to it. Otherwise, it doesn't. It's in the large muscle groups and it's not up here where you need logic, reason and planning and organization, just not there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're smart, you get away you chill out, add this piece to it and you did say, you know, originally it was, I'm going to do this, you're kind of excited about it. I think it's kind of fallen away a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do it. I like it. I'm going to teach it. So, but that's jumping a little fast. First, you do it first and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it. And you remember it. It's a hard thing to remember because we're activated. We're angry were upset. We are in a threat response. So the first piece is just increasing that frequency. See if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want to get into some of the cognitive part because there is something going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's around this phrase me see if I can find it. This one comes up has come up a couple times with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't quite get it. They these these guys know what life's about is in that thing like they know what's up and they don't right because they're just kids. Right. I don't know how you phrase it but you have a way of saying like
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't know what's up and they're acting like they got life figured out like you're able to see it from a distance. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you use your own phrase what describe what your boys are doing. So I have the right phrase.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: There's a, there's a lot you know the
Daniel Guerrero: You know, honestly, you know, the way they think they just, they just feel like they kind of like figured it out because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, they can. Okay, for an example. My son has a job he's 20 years old and he has a job.
Daniel Guerrero: And honestly, he works for me. He's, he's one of my he's under me as an employee, you know, so he works on my ship.
Daniel Guerrero: And so he's been working, you know, in the business for six months.
Daniel Guerrero: And he swears he knows everything about a burger joint that there is to know about it. You can't tell them why because he's already. He's already. He's been there and he knows everything there is to know about the position that he works, but he still doesn't get it right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry to interrupt you.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, you've had time to think about that. I know your story.
Gwenevere Abriel: He thinks he's got it figured out, being a kid. He's gonna be a kid he's gonna have an underground brain. What do we talk about tell what age.
Daniel Guerrero: 27
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it is obviously a kid. His job is to learn
Daniel Guerrero: You know what I put that and I put that a lot to put that in there too, because I'm like, you know, yeah, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now your job if you choose to do it a lot of parents don't don't really choose to be conscious parents, your parents didn't choose to be conscious. They didn't have the time the resources and you have suffered from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you want it. I can tell. I hear it often. But it doesn't mean that all the rules come laid out.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are books out there, there is information on what to do, but I suspect there's something going on around the belief you have about yourself. So let's just sit with that for just a second. You and I are in agreement.
Gwenevere Abriel: That kids think he knows what's up and he doesn't. It's true. He's a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of them do. We can't be mad at that. Like how they supposed to, well, we don't want them to grow up too fast and they, how they supposed to know
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I mean, that's exactly right. You know, and it's it's like it's like my 15 year old he's all like, I'm just a kid. I'm 15 I'm doing what they quit talking to me like you're fucking grown, bro.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's hold that right there. Let's get into it. I love the precision. I want to hear what he said to you, why is he, what do you mean he's talking to you like he's grown. I want to hear the words you use
Daniel Guerrero: I don't like on
The
Daniel Guerrero: Spot the bush. It's cool, man. I hate this book.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm like bro, you have to go so you can become to get an education. What I do work at a down burger joint for the rest of the day in life, but I have a career, don't you, the positive in your life.
Daniel Guerrero: So yeah, but I hate just focus. You know, I'm just like, Look, I'm not cursing at you. Don't let me change, you know, change the way your tune with me, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Now I'm pretty guy, but when I started cussing at me, you know, and started raising her voice it. I mean, okay. No trigger something, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. That's the one you got it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to it, you got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not content. If he says, Dad, I hate the school.
You know that
Gwenevere Abriel: People have the even the teachers are yelling at each other and they don't take the kids don't take it seriously and
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel criticized there. And I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's a waste of my time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that is triggering as
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way he does it.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, you know, because you know there's there's a way to come across with communication. I, I feel like because
Daniel Guerrero: I'm my whole life. I was raised with, you know, the ways to communicate. Right. And I'm sure we all are, but my family was different, you know, like, why did you say it like this when you could have said it.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, like this, you know, for example.
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's like, Oh, I like this puppy. She's fucking grows. Why, you feel me this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm not
Daniel Guerrero: No, I'm not a fucking dog instead of being like
Daniel Guerrero: The other way you could have been as, like, look, Dad, I really don't like you know to spaghetti. Can you make me a sandwich.
Right.
Daniel Guerrero: Rather than I like to split the shit why you're feeding me. What am I fucking dog. You know, like dead right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that no, let me check. Is that happening in your home now, or is that how your, your childhood talk to each other, your family of origin who talks like that we talked
Daniel Guerrero: About me. No, no, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's happening now.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah but but before you know even on it. You'd happen you know as I was a kid, you know, this is the way my dad. We talked to my mom. Yeah, okay.
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So Daniel, you recognize that it's not the healthy way to speak to one another, but you're modeling is the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how you get. Now you've been away for a little while. I think I'm not sure away from these kids as they've been coming up or no.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, well,
Daniel Guerrero: I was gone. I was gone for 18 months, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can have an impact. I mean, I don't know.
Daniel Guerrero: But before the 18 months before the 18 months.
Daniel Guerrero: I was gone.
Daniel Guerrero: For about a year for another 18 months. Right.
Daniel Guerrero: On my own ambitions on on my own, you know, getting high one in the street selling drugs doing drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So over two years. So that is a lot
Daniel Guerrero: And not and not, you know, making them a priority and so
Daniel Guerrero: No, and I'm gonna agree. I agree with, with this is that, you know, I've let them raise themselves to a point that we're
Daniel Guerrero: Now that I'm trying to change them. They don't want to change because I feel like it's too much work. Yeah, you don't have a good attitude because they're so used to the negativity, because the negativity is so simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's not a moment. Let's have a moment. We got only got 10 minutes left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just just close your eyes to the degree that you can tolerate that. My eyes are closed. Let's turn away turn away from there for just a moment. I want you to sit with this idea
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what it would be like
Gwenevere Abriel: To not be your son's friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: To sit with it. So, not their friend, they won't like what I say.
Gwenevere Abriel: They won't like my rules.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be shaping
Gwenevere Abriel: Behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reflects what I believe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: They won't be my friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: They won't like what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's being a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's inconvenient. It's hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they won't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as I invited you to think about that role.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a parent, which is not the same as a friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice where your mind wandered and what came up for you.
Daniel Guerrero: For me it's like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, they're not even a one in a relationship with me, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Just like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I try this, try this all the time. You know, I'm like,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I get that shit.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't like this, dude. They can't be dude when they're mad at me right
Daniel Guerrero: I like this fucking do that do
Daniel Guerrero: What kind of get that
Daniel Guerrero: And, you know, for me, it's
Daniel Guerrero: You know, what am I doing wrong, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know i'm not i don't i don't party with my kids I don't drink with them. I don't get high with them. I don't you know get there. My parents
Daniel Guerrero: My dad get first line of cocaine. He gave me my first film the marijuana
Daniel Guerrero: I went with him on his first traffic run with methamphetamines you know they did that.
Daniel Guerrero: And I don't I don't do that with my kids, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: For me it's it's
Daniel Guerrero: Because
Daniel Guerrero: I did that with them, they will not respect me. I mean, they don't respect me anyway but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just said a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not what I've heard you say you want you want this life that has this spiritual connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want them to have opportunity and choice through education, they can go and whatever, as adults, they do what they want to do, but at least you're creating this platform with which to spring from you have consistency and you can provide that. But what you just described.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you know is to not do that horrific stuff. It doesn't mean that you know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's complicated, being a parent, a conscious. One is hard. It's hard for professionals. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself acknowledgement that just an just knowing you don't want it this bad way. Let's say doesn't automatically mean you know what to do. So give yourself a break. This is complicated stuff. This is the realm of professionals are needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even the dude part. I mean, it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't be calling me dude. So we have to start somewhere, Daniel.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I have you here. I don't have a whole whole room full of your family, which I could definitely do. But I've got you. So I'm going to start with you, which is not to say that, how they feel that these boys, because the first thing out of your mouth when I did that exercise was
Gwenevere Abriel: But they may not want a relationship with me. I mean, there's a, there's a, there's a piece of I WANT CONNECTION WITH THESE KIDS. I want love there too. I don't just want to be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was
Gwenevere Abriel: An area. I know you do. And that's why I started where I did, which I wanted to just sort of tap in a little bit and see if you could tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being light at some points in this parenting process in order to re instill the values as a parent, because as a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't always like what we're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in the end,
Gwenevere Abriel: We have an adult that learned
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you kind of do need to earn reward can't steal it can't sling it
Gwenevere Abriel: Around and they earned it. They earn it in school we earn it like you're going to earn it. Again, you're going to make that call for GED, you're going to, you're going to do things that are harder and and no one can take that from you and I can see you want it for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But anger gets in there and it's something when they say to you that volume of voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: That violation that relived pain of early childhood is coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to do next time we meet, if we can, I want to do some some specific therapeutic interventions that can desensitize some of that for you. So that anger isn't so close by. So it's you're not running hot
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd love for you to be able to cool and calm, be able to have access to your all of your brain and be able to say to your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of the way you're saying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you continue doing this, then List, list List, list of consequences that will happen, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What ends up happening. I'm guessing is you match the intensity, you're gonna come at me like that that disrespectful right you you reach that same intensity with them know
Daniel Guerrero: We do that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well good. That means I'm my hypothesis is so that's great. I just want you to know that when this is gonna sound really ironic when you actually own your power, you're actually a lot more powerful than you realize. In that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're very powerful. You're the parent
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to flaunt it, you never have to pop up. You never have to yell and that's weird. It's like, wait a minute, what. Think about it. The cool cat that can sit back and it's like you're going to keep doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Germany, I say what's about to go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep it up. Keep the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's going to be, you're going to stay home and then you don't get to go out and you want this and you want those shoes and boob, whatever, and that you and I will get into the nuance of it later. But the point of the matter is,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got your when you lose it. When you lose your cool right
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're not operating as parent anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've lost that battle.
Daniel Guerrero: A lot of sense to man. Because, I mean, I agree with that 100% because like, you know, I would like to be more of a, you know, an effective parent that's, you know, if you understand where I'm coming from, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do and it's right in there. It's this
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to have some place to start for some people it is
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed the thought, I'm offended. Most people resonate with I felt disrespected that that's probably one of yours right I feel disrespected
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah yeah
Daniel Guerrero: It's a good
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably you probably noticed that one first. I feel disrespected, so that's when you do the breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care if you look silly if you even have to do it right in front of them. But if your conviction is to not repeat the damage that your parents did to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't take the time to brave.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will give you enough seconds fractions of a second to remember the other stuff. We're going to learn
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm already the parent. I already have more power than this kid. I already know the truth. I already know how hard it is. I already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That running that game you lose, you lose, you make it short.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wins like there'll be a flood of money. All of a sudden, you might have a few things for a little while. But in the end, you won't have anything you already know you've lived it. You already have all the information that you need. They don't know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the adult
Gwenevere Abriel: But you forget because what is coming at you is a relived distress of your own childhood someone yelling at you. And so all of that puffs up
Gwenevere Abriel: But our work together over time it will dissipate, it will get better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for you. It's once i i noticed I just got disrespected, I'm going to do some breathing. I'm going to do the box breathing, do your thing. You got that we walk away go and do that for sure. That's amazing. Give yourself some time to collect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's get into
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that lecturing and yelling
Gwenevere Abriel: Is effective
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it worked to shape their behavior with them. Is it getting them to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I'm going to say this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weeks, months from now, it will work even this will work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because now that
Gwenevere Abriel: Will have meaning it will have consequences attached to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now it doesn't have anything
Gwenevere Abriel: It's got no negative consequence. I just have to tolerate this yelling in this webinar.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing attached to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Flash forward into what is possible in the future is if I roll out consequence. Listen man, I can't do it the way I've been doing it. I'm doing it like my family stress them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I knew I was gone for those two years that's on me. I want to do better. I'm learning more, I want to do better. I want to do this differently. I'm going to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be here for you. I'm reliable and consistent and this is how it's going to show up, but tell you in advance. Right now, how it's going to go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: You call me do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to write sentences.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yeah, that's a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's got some precision to it, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you write sentences. You don't want to say dude in it because you're reinforcing the word, dude.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have them right so in advance. You say, hey, you know what, if you call me do it again because I it hits harder. I'm not dude let's find a name. You can call me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you call me dad or, I don't know, whatever you guys agree on, right, if you do it again. We'll start off easy and you're going to be writing the following sense. I call my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Father or dad I call my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's going to be your sentence. It's a long one. So he may only do it 20 times is that's really easy actually. But what will
Gwenevere Abriel: Happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop here and
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch back promise you.
Daniel Guerrero: Promise. All right, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome stupid right promise you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job, like I said, the parent consistent follow through consistent follows through do say something you're not willing to do this sentence business. Don't even bother until you're ready, don't even do it for another couple weeks till we're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't do it until you can actually follow through. It does more damage because then, again, once again, you know, I need and follow through. So all you gotta do what you gotta do with him. He's just push a little harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're teaching them all they have to do is push, push, push, push. Eventually you'll break and you'll yell, and then it'll be over and they will have gotten their way and there's no consequence.
Daniel Guerrero: And that's exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the alternative is what happens is they start to learn over time. Let's say it goes like this. And eventually what you and I do is we break down this contingency.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sentences and I'll continue to do this, adding every time. If you give me like you give me attitude we know what it is you pop off without yelling at me or call me another name on each time you do it on an add another 10 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're sitting here cools, a cat. Now, you already gave me a heads up, this House is going to go down. So that's not coming out of left field. Remember yesterday, I told you this, I was going to go and you just send some nasty thing to mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't work for me. So I'm going to write the sentence down got 20 of them a year, I need to get them done in the next 15 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now it's at now. It's a 25 and you're going to have and you're just cool you follow through.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're doing is the way life is. And I can't. What do you even know real time you got upset with a manager, what happened. We can't do that in the real world. We can't lose our duty. We got to keep it together or we lose our job we're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: We're teaching a kid. You can't do that to to a parent. We're learning how to do that in our little microcosm, and then they can go out into the world and think and apply those rules. Okay, let's put a pin in it. Lots and lots of talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to continue to meet. Let me see if I have this timing open next week.
I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, but I have February 27 already booked for you at nine.
Daniel Guerrero: On Thursday at 927 to nine. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no. Okay so uh you you heard a lot today. That's a lot to take in. I don't expect all of it to stick
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, we'll revisit the parenting, we can revisit anger, we can revisit resume GD we can revisit all of it. Just pick one thing to do today. You don't have to overwhelm yourself. Okay. Just pick one, that one, you want to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will talk to you soon.
Daniel Guerrero: Seeing growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any medication attached to today. Joining me the message anybody
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I'm good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I'll see you in growth, what
Daniel Guerrero: Have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go to you, but